The love of the
Kesei is not the love of Makoto.
The love of Hanemote is the true love.
If there is a square of the
moon, the moon comes out with a smile.
The love of the Joro is not the love of Makoto.
The mushrooms in the brush are mixed.
Although I say that the love of the Kesei is not true,
I have to be a lover of Makoto
without going to Makoto.
The love of the Joro is not the love of Makoto.
Hmm...
Tomeko. Tomeko.
What's wrong with your back?
Well, Hajime, you said you had a headache.
Well, it's because of the wind.
And your back is sore.
Oh, it's the wind.
And your butt hurts.
And your side is sore.
What's wrong with you?
I don't know if you're an amateur,
but your head hurts, and your butt hurts.
This is called brain hemorrhage.
What the hell are you talking about?